## 0.2 release 13.10.22

### Application

In this release we have done a transformation of the project structure, dividing the 'ui' and 'core' folders into seperate modules. The main addition in this release is the ability to buy/sell coins and illustrate an overview of all the coins the logged in user owns. This addition satisfied user story #1. The user is still have to login to se his/her investments. This is in accordance to user story #2. Another major addition is that you can view a selected coin's market cap, volume and price.
We are aware that the individual user .json files and the auth.json contains many of the same parameters and that it might seem like an overkill. However, we want to specify that the individual user .json files will have more parameters in further releases and therefore making auth.json more useful in the future.

### Work Habits & Work Flow

We approached this release by building the product backlog, in which the product owner prioritized its components. The product backlog was then divided into two sprints, which we estimated to take two weeks each. The scrum master then assigned tasks as he saw fit, before each sprint.
During this period we had two stand-up meetings per week where we updated each other on our progress and struggles with our tasks. We found this to be very helpful as some of us ran into similar problems.
After each sprint we had a reflection meeting where we summarized what had worked well, difficulties we faced and how we solved them. We found that, even though we completed the sprints on time, we used much more time than estimated.

We used much more time than anticipated dividing our project into different modules. We spent alot of time working on making the application work after the divide. We also used alot of time on making tests that worked between the different modules. As soon as the tests were working we found some issues and therefore we were able to improve the code quality.
