### 0.3 release 17.11.22

# Application

In this release we have changed the whole structure of the project. We have switched out our JavaFX frontend in Java and FXML with React and Typescript. We felt that this change would offer the most relevant learning and experience as we all have had some prior knowledge with JavaFX, but very little with React/Typescript. The project is now divided in two parts. We have "cryptocojo-frontend" where the react application is, and "cryptocjo_backend" where our backend is. The core module in our backend handles all the logic in our program, as well as storage. We have also added a new module to our backend called rest. This is where we have implemented a API which we use to connect our frontend to our backend. The rest module has controller classes that receives GET/POST requests from our frontend and delegates the work down to the core module which performs the logic of our application.

In addition to the project refactor we have added graphs in our frontend which allow the user to get a visual representation over all the different coins that are available on the market. There is also a graph which represent a users account value over an optional time period. When a user logs into our application we store a cookie which allow the user to leave the site and come back without having to log back inn. This cookie is set to last for two hours.

# Work habits & work flow

We approached this release with the same methods and habits as the last release. We kept doing the stand-up meetings twice each week, where we updated each other on our progress and struggles with our tasks. After each two-week long sprint we had reflection meetings where we discussed what went well, and what did not go so well. We tried to be start early and work often in this release, but we used more time than anticipated and had to spend a lot of time the last week in order to make the deadline. This is a mistake we also made in the second release.

Like the last release, we used considerable more time with dividing our project into different modules. We frequently met different problems with maven, especially with plugins like; jacoco, spotbugs, spring-boot and so on. Would we have read more about modularization before we started, this perhaps would not be such a big problem.

In this release we have become more aware of how we use issues and branches. In the earlier releases we have had a tendency to create many issues and branches all at once. Because of this we would have way to many branched and issues open a time to keep track of what we are really working on. This time we have decided to focus on a few issues a time. As soon as we have solved a issue, or created a new feature we would merge it to the master branch and close the issue.

In this release we tried to code together in pairs with _live share_ a lot. This was done in order to help each other when facing some difficult problems with testing and creating a frontend in react. We struggled a lot with testing our API as there was no clear way of doing this.

# Our Understanding Of The Task

Our understanding of the task was that if we wanted to switch to a new frontend, then the work we had done with JavaFX was no longer of any value. We therefore spent no time with connecting our JavaFX UI with our API as we did that with our frontend in React. We instead worked on a couple of new features for our frontend that would make the application complete. This would as mentioned earlier allow us to get the most learning out of the course, because it exposed us to new tech that we think is going to be very useful in the future. There is therefore a difference between the features present in the JavaFX client and the React client.

In the description of the task it says to make a shippable product. This would not make any sense with a frontend in React and we have therefore not made any .exe with j-link and j-package.

# Known bugs

## Get_account_interval

When calculating our portfolio value over time we have found out that it takes a very long time to do so. We have not found a solution to this problem. The results from the function are correct, but the time it takes to calculate makes it seem like the whole program has crashed.

## Occasional 500 internal server error

Sometimes we get a _500 internal server_ error when using our application. We have not found the reason for this as if you wait for a couple of seconds the error does not replicate.

## Loading slider

A known bug with this slider is that one can make it run indefinitely or not run at all with different clicks in the UI. This comes from the use of side-effects for fetching api data. One way to fix this would be to create a context witch connects to the axios service, so a loading state would be linked to axios having pending requests instead of manually setting the loading state. We simply did not prioritize implementing this with the time constraint at hand.

# REST documentation

Documentation for the REST API can be found in the [readme](../cryptocojo_backend/rest/readme.md) file in rest.

```bash
gr2204/cryptocojo_backend/rest/readme.md
```

Here is a link to the third release on gitlab. [Release 3](https://gitlab.stud.idi.ntnu.no/it1901/groups-2022/gr2204/gr2204/-/milestones/3#tab-issues)

# Future Implementations

If we were to develop this application any further, there would have been many things that we could do. The next feature we would add to our application would be the ability for a user to add coins back in time. This would allow a user to add a purchase he has made a long time ago and keep track of his investment on the application. At the time the application only allow users to buy coins at the current time.
